{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18320\viewh13040\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Effective Date:
\f1\b0  2025-01-01\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Introduction
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This privacy policy is applicable to the OBD2 Cat app ("Application") for iOS devices, which was developed by Roman Tikhonychev ("We," "Us," or "Our").\
Privacy Policy is designed to help You understand how We collect, use, and safeguard Your personal information while using our Application.\
We use Your personal data to provide and improve the Application. By using the Application, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Information We Collect\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Personal Information\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We do not collect personally identifiable information (PII) unless explicitly provided by You. The types of personal information We may collect include:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Your email address when You contact support or submit feedback.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Usage Data\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We may collect non-personal information about how You interact with Application. This may include:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 User interactions and app usage data.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 How We Use Your Information\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We use the collected information for the following purposes:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 To provide and maintain our Application, including to monitor the usage of our Application.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Application. The personal data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Application that are available to You as a registered user.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Application.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which We offer that are similar to those that You have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Analytics and Third-Party Services\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We use the following third-party services to enhance the functionality of our Application:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Google Analytics for Firebase}}
\f1\fs26 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Firebase Crashlytics}}
\f1\fs26 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 RevenueCat}}
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Each third-party service has its own privacy policy, which We encourage You to review.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Data Security\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We prioritize the security of Your data and take reasonable measures to protect it. However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Data Transfer\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 As the Application is available worldwide, user data may be transferred to and stored on servers located in different countries. By using the Application, You consent to the transfer of Your data across international borders.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Data Disclosure\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We do not disclose personal information to third parties unless required by law or in the event of a merger, acquisition, or other business transaction. We may disclose aggregated and anonymized data for analytics and statistical purposes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Children's Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Our Application does not knowingly collect data from children under 13. If We become aware of such data, We will delete it immediately. Parents or guardians can contact Us to ensure data removal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Links to Other Websites\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Our Application may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We may update this Privacy Policy periodically. Therefore, You are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. You will be notified of significant changes via updates within the Application or other communication channels. Continued use of the Application constitutes Your acceptance of the updated terms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 If You have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact Us via email at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:roman.tikhonychev.projects@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt roman.tikhonychev.projects@gmail.com}}\
}