{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18320\viewh13040\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Terms & Conditions\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
Effective Date:
\f1\b0  2025-01-01\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 These terms and conditions are applicable to the OBD2 Cat app ("Application") for iOS devices, which was developed by Roman Tikhonychev ("We," "Us," or "Our").\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 General Conditions\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Upon downloading or utilizing the Application, You are automatically agreeing to the following terms. It is strongly advised that You thoroughly read and understand these terms prior to using the Application. Unauthorized copying, modification of the Application, any part of the Application, or Our trademarks is strictly prohibited. Any attempts to extract the source code of the Application, translate the Application into other languages, or create derivative versions are not permitted. All trademarks, copyrights, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to the Application remain the property of Us.\
We are dedicated to ensuring that the Application is as beneficial and efficient as possible. As such, they reserve the right to modify the Application or charge for their services at any time and for any reason. We assure You that any charges for the Application or its services will be clearly communicated to You.\
The Application stores and processes personal data that You have provided to Us in order to provide the Service. It is Your responsibility to maintain the security of Your phone and access to the Application. We strongly advise against jailbreaking or rooting Your phone, which involves removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of Your device. Such actions could expose Your phone to malware, viruses, malicious programs, compromise Your phone's security features, and may result in the Application not functioning correctly or at all.\
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Terms and Conditions. Below are the links to the Terms and Conditions of the third-party service providers used by the Application:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Google Analytics for Firebase}}
\f1\fs26 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Firebase Crashlytics}}
\f1\fs26 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.revenuecat.com/terms"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 RevenueCat}}
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Please be aware that We do not assume responsibility for certain aspects. Some functions of the Application require an active internet connection, which can be Wi-Fi or provided by Your mobile network provider. We cannot be held responsible if the Application does not function at full capacity due to lack of access to Wi-Fi or if You have exhausted Your data allowance.\
If You are using the application outside of a Wi-Fi area, please be aware that Your mobile network provider's agreement terms still apply. Consequently, You may incur charges from Your mobile provider for data usage during the connection to the application, or other third-party charges. By using the application, You accept responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if You use the application outside of Your home territory (i.e., region or country) without disabling data roaming. If You are not the bill payer for the device on which You are using the application, they assume that You have obtained permission from the bill payer.\
Similarly, We cannot always assume responsibility for Your usage of the application. For instance, it is Your responsibility to ensure that Your device remains charged. If Your device runs out of battery and You are unable to access the Service, We cannot be held responsible.\
In terms of Our responsibility for Your use of the application, it is important to note that while they strive to ensure that it is updated and accurate at all times, they do rely on third parties to provide information to them so that they can make it available to You. We accept no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, that You experience as a result of relying entirely on this functionality of the application.\
We may wish to update the application at some point. The application is currently available as per the requirements for the operating system (and for any additional systems they decide to extend the availability of the application to) may change, and You will need to download the updates if You want to continue using the application. We do not guarantee that it will always update the application so that it is relevant to You and/or compatible with the particular operating system version installed on Your device. However, You agree to always accept updates to the application when offered to You. We may also wish to cease providing the application and may terminate its use at any time without providing termination notice to You. Unless they inform You otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to You in these terms will end; (b) You must cease using the application, and (if necessary) delete it from Your device.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Changes to These Terms and Conditions\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 We may update these Terms and Conditions periodically. Therefore, You are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. You will be notified of significant changes via updates within the Application or other communication channels.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 If You have any questions or concerns about this Terms and Conditions, please contact Us via email at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:roman.tikhonychev.projects@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt roman.tikhonychev.projects@gmail.com}}\
}